[Music]
very good my dearest Lovers of the
heart I hope you're having a
fantastic and spectacular start to the week
and I'm delighted to
be here one more day with you I know that
this time I'm a little late
with this topic because I was already burning
all weekend but I didn't
want to miss the opportunity to
comment on how Gloria Camila and Gema aldom
are pulling each other's hair out
quite literally on social media no and the thing is
Well before they were pulling each other's hair out Well
actually I was going to say that they did it in
a more hidden way not more
sophisticated but Gema el don has not been
sophisticated at any time I mean I don't
think she has ever been sophisticated in her life
and she doesn't even know what
that word means how are you
family How are you before we start
with the topic I'm going to ask you please to
press the subscribe button that
all of you who are watching This video
press the subscribe button
if you like this type of content like this you
help me a lot to grow you will become
part of our great family that
we are now  lots of them and a very
healthy community and we have a great time
together and also if you like this type of
content Well, share it, give it a
like and above all, I really like reading
your comments, knowing what you think and
opening a debate there and that you are
discussing the topics of the video, I
think it is spectacular, no
Congratulations Gemma and Company,
I congratulate you first of all for the good representation that you have had
to manage all of this and
also because you have done
great until you got what you wanted in the
end, I was never wrong I hope you
collect a lot of Yuca well This is
referring to Gloria
Camila answering that it has been confirmed as
our dear Marina schnal already said here exclusively that
of course And by the
way, tonight there is a live show that
tonight I am back on the live shows here,
SEO is interested and I am with Marina
tonight that you really like it, write it down,
write down the alarm at around 10,
10:30 we are here okay, don't
miss anyone Okay and nothing has been confirmed
that survivor and this, let's see This
is a this is something that we  it catches
none of you by surprise but not because I've
gone a couple of times to save me and I've
succeeded no Let's see this Gema
at the time when
the docuseries was already being broadcast she didn't stop
insulting Rocío Flores then she started
saying long live the fuchsia tide in short to take
certain steps that were extremely shameless and
whoever didn't realize that well the
truth is they are too innocent that they were
implying that they were crazy
because they called her from television and living off
television and all the west no which is
very contradictory with the message no
because now Gloria Camila publishes this
famous message that we were commenting on at the time
and the message let's say it leaves her in a
bad way but it leaves her in a bad way not only
in contradictions but as
civilized people I think that Gema and I say this
with all the respect in the world because I don't
want it to be misinterpreted no and I
'm saying it in a derogatory way with
people who don't know how to write or something like
this no that there are people who are more of a
number No maybe it is more it is more of a
number and that's why she is more with
calculating  how much are you going to earn on the island
with the lifelines and all that stuff no
the next time you talk bad
about my family you're going to have to
say it to my face you shameless piece of pig
not to me or my mother much
less my brother you need to make a mess
of your shitty family
that all you do is sell
others out I won't let you get away with anything anymore you won't bother
anyone in my family much
less my mother who all she's
done these 10 years has been help you in
everything even making you clothes for your
shitty career I won't let you get away with anything anymore
the next time you open your filthy mouth
to make my mother look bad I'm
going to take care of shutting it up myself Bye bye
well This is what I was telling you
okay leave out some of the
spelling mistakes to understand some
words you have to read it several times
no because there are no h's there
are no commas there are words that you don't
know But hey there are people who are not
good at writing that don't know it's not a
problem everyone has had the
opportunities that they have had in life and we don't know
why this girl hasn't been able to, no
mobility is that she doesn't know how to
behave either. I have reported it on
YouTube that in no time we have the
trial in a couple of months for a
message more or less like this, okay, a message like
this, a tweet more or less like this and the truth
is that this can't be done, Antonio Rossi already said it
in his day and well I think that
many explanations are not necessary that
this that no that human beings are
supposed to have evolved we are not we do not
have behavior like
animals and like savages and we can
debate in all possible ways
except this one no anyway the next time
you go to speak ill of my family you're
going to have to tell me
my mother neither my brother nor I need
that but girl if you were fighting over
a position on television for two
years Thank goodness you didn't need it
Thank goodness I didn't need it no and
much less with my mother
no your shitty family that only
knows how to sell to others my daughter what are
you and your mother doing what are you doing what
you do professionally I
wonder I wonder Anyway and then
obviously I myself  I'm going to take care
of closing it for you it seems like an outrage to me
an outrage Gloria Camila says also
and I'm not going to keep quiet anymore let
the Hunger Games begin
Well yes it seems so Gloria Camila there are
people who are very hungry Gema
aldom here according to our dear Maika
Gema eldón throws several Furia sorry
at Gloria Camila and falls very low she publishes
an unpixelated photograph of her underage brother this is
how she wants to upset
the Ortega canos and their mother without the
consent of both parents
photos of minors cannot be uploaded to networks
She defines herself anyway this is
more than likely a provocation and then
we have this photo that later reproaches her
and Gloria Camila shares it with a
screenshot it's not a photo of gemaldón that
says the following they bark
that means we're riding we're
going to the top okay I love the thing about let's
go to the top not like
bragging he barks that means that we're
worth it let's see Gema they're not calling you
on television for your talent they're not
calling you on television because you have
a lot of things to tell about your life they
're calling you because
with the father  from Gloria Camila if not you are not
interested okay And in the response in the
comments to the photo is Kiko Jimenez
uncle or rather
How many times has he talked about that
Antonio David has become friends with
Gloria Mohedano's niece of I don't know
who of I don't know how much and this What is
Kiko Hernandez becoming friends with
Ana Maria's daughter the don who is
threatening Gloria Camila in messages
that they bark always a good sign and
Gloria Camila takes it and responds to this God
creates it and they get together your objective
was always the same of nothing totally
or rather but the objective was always the
same it is totally no and well
closing the cycle of the barb a bit
around here they continue not posting some
stories a bit in an almost
childish way even not a kiss for you
who are pending on my profile and don't
tell me anything anyway nothing Not me with Gloria
Camila and Well I think that it's that also You are
going to agree with me that
the class of one and the class of the other is
completely indisputable and already there in the
middle Kiko Jimenez painting it anyway what am I
going to tell you  I'll be reading your
comments box, I send you a
huge hug and I'll see you in the next video,
bye bye
[Music]